Hello people of Infinite Yiff! Today I have brought you all a fully detailed tutorial on how to do, well, anything at all!

Executing the script:
First off, you're gonna want to open the application known as Discord, for most of you it will be on your Desktop.
Your "Desktop" is where a lot of shortcuts to many different applications you've downloaded can be found.
To find this mysterious place called the "Desktop" you're going to click the minimize button of this window (Remember! The minimize button looks like this: "-", it can be found at the top right corner of most windows.), if you can still not see your Desktop, you've most likely stumbled across another window, just go ahead and minimize that one as well. Simple, right?
But wait! What even is a window?? Well fear not fellow Yiffers, as I will be explaining what windows are down to the core in this Official Infinite Yiff Tutorial; A window is a separate viewing area on a computer display screen in a system that allows multiple viewing areas as part of a Graphical User Interface (GUI). Windows are managed by a windows manager as part of a windowing system.

Now that you can see your desktop, you're going to look for a Purpley-Blueish looking icon with a text under it saying "Discord",
just mozy on over to that icon and double click it (click twice [2 times] on it) with your Left (🡨) Mouse Button (LMB),
this should open up the application known as Discord, and now that Discord is open we can go ahead and look for a server with the name "Infinite Yiff",
once you've found said server, click on it (click on it one [1] time only) with your Left (🡨) Mouse Button (LMB).

At last, we've arrived, the "Infinite Yiff" server! You should see a couple funny looking rectangles (▭) to the left (🡨) side of your screen,
these are called "Channels", Channels are used to discuss specific topics and keep things organized,
but that's a story for another day, we're here to get the "Infinite Yield" script up and running for you aren't we?
Anyway, click on the channel that says "download", it should have a hashtag (#) next to it
(click on it one [1] time only with your Left (🡨) Mouse Button (LMB)).

Here we are, the final push, the "download" channel, keep your ears open for this one, it's quite tricky!

What you're going to do in the "download" channel is look for a message saying "Loadstring:" sent by a fascinating little man called Edge.
Under the message, you should see a line filled with some very goofy & silly looking characters,
you're going to highlight the entire line with your mouse by holding down the LMB (Remember your LMBs!)
and moving your mouse's pointer over the entire line until it's all turned blue,
this is when you're going to click the Right (🡢) Mouse Button (RMB),
a list of options should show up but the one we're looking for is called "Copy",
once you've found the "Copy" option, click it with your LMB (click on it one [1] time only) and congrats! You've officially copied the "Infinite Yield" script!
Now you're just going to paste it in your script executor and hit (click with your LMB one [1] time)
the "Execute" button while in a ROBLOX game and "Infinite Yield" will load up assuming your script executor is not too shit and you haven't fucked up any of the steps listed above!


Using commands in Infinite Yield:
Now that you've executed Infinite Yield on your ROBLOX game, look for the semicolon (;) button on your keyboard and press it,
this should trigger Infinite Yield to smoothly rise up a bit and show you available commands including the command bar, which is where you'll input the commands you want to use.
To view the many different commands that Infinite Yield has to offer, use your mouse's "Scrolling Wheel" to scroll up / down the Infinite Yield GUI and find the command you're looking for,
but for the purpose of this tutorial, we'll be using a common one you'll most likely find yourself using during your time with Infinite Yield: The "fly" command!


The fly command allows your player's character to fly using different types of body movers,
keep in mind some games have an "Anti-Exploit" meaning they'll give you a rough time using Infinite Yield and some commands may not work,
a bunch of meanies is what they are! Which is why in this tutorial, we'll be using the fly command in a game with no Anti-Exploit whatsoever,
please see below.

  2A. Press the semicolon (;) button on your keyboard
  2B. Type "fly" (without the quotation ("") marks!) in the command bar
  2C. Press the Enter / Return button on your keyboard. (For troubleshooting purposes: https://bit.ly/3FG8LL8)
  2D. Congratulations! You are now flying, that wasn't so hard now was it?
  
  
Tool Required Commands:
You may or may not have come across commands that say (TOOL) next to them,
what this means is that you need to equip an in-game tool in order for the command to work properly.
If you do not have any tools, try to get some via in-game means.
If you cannot get a tool at all in the game you're playing, (TOOL) commands cannot be used.

  3A. You cannot use a script to spawn in a tool due to FE (Filtering Enabled)
  3B. You cannot disable FE (Filtering Enabled)
